[Music]
how do you get from point A to point B
why not spice it up with homemade
special effects a film is simply a
series of images played in sequence to
create the illusion of motion if you
manipulate those images crazy things can
happen we use the tablet and one of the
mini stop-motion apps out there how do
you get from point A to point B we
started off by taking a bunch of
pictures of Celeste in place then just
like stop-motion animation the
characters move just a bit before the
next picture is taken which in this case
creates a sliding effect
[Music]
here we use the oldest trick in the book
by alternating between photos of Celeste
on screen and off screen we've made her
childhood dream of teleportation a
reality with the little creativity there
are a million ways you can use homemade
special-effects to make something as
simple as getting from point A to point
B much more fun
[Music]
if you're at a loss for ideas try
finding inspiration in your surroundings
like the refrigerator and your coat rack
[Music]
you can even try incorporating everyday
objects from around your house like say
umbrellas or binder clips wherever there
is an object there is an opportunity to
make it come to life when humans are
used in stop-motion animation that's
called pixelation a term coined in the
mid twentieth century well before the
word pixel was a part of our vocabulary
but these sorts of special effects are
as old as the art of filmmaking and
thanks to today's technologies can be
reproduced in your very own kitchen
[Music]
moving an object from point A to point B
is a fundamental principle of animation
to learn more about the process and the
tools we use visit the dig deeper
section on e d calm
[Music]